add sprint review 24.05 (#700)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/blog/sprint-review-2405.md

---
title: Wazo Platform 24.05 Released
date: 2024-04-08T08:00:00
author: The Wazo Authors
category: Wazo Platform
tags: wazo-platform, development
slug: release-review-2405
status: published
---

Hello Wazo Platform community!

Here is a short review of the Wazo Platform 24.05 release.

> ## Bug Fixes
> 
> - **Context ranges**: The context range API now return the extension ranges based on the DID length parameter of the context
> - **Tenants**: The wazo-auth /tenants list now filter using it's uuids query parameter properlly
> - **Chat**: room chat participants can no longer read messages of rooms they are not part of
> - **Chat**: room chat participants can now create rooms which include all participants of an existing room
> 
> ## Technical
> 
> - **Parking**: A new API has been added to control parked calls
> - **Asterisk**: We are now using Asterisk 21
> 
> ## Ongoing Features
> 
> - **wazo-provd**: The storage of wazo-provd is being rewritten to use Postgresql instead of json files on the filesystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bug Fixes

- **Context ranges**: The context range API now returns the extension ranges based on the DID length parameter of the context
- **Tenants**: The wazo-auth /tenants list now filter using it's uuids query parameter properly
- **Chat**: Room chat participants can no longer read messages of rooms they are not part of
- **Chat**: Room chat participants can now create rooms which include all participants of an existing room

## Technical

- **Parking**: A new API has been added to control parked calls
- **Asterisk**: We are now using Asterisk 21

## Ongoing Features

- **wazo-provd**: The storage of wazo-provd is being rewritten to use Postgresql instead of json files on the filesystem
```
